1. jovalu2015@gmail.com

l21170458@culiacan.tecnm.mx

Homework

Auto send e-mail to save my homework

2.
talentacquisition@cognizant.com

Reminder: Cognizant next steps

Joaquin,

Thank you, again, for submitting your application to Cognizant. We’re happy to see you applied for the Cognizant Skills Accelerator: Java Full-Stack Developer position!

We want to remind you that in order for your application to be considered, you’ll need to complete 2 quick steps as soon as possible. These steps should take no more than 5 minutes.

    Review your candidate information sheet (see below link).
    Ensure you answer the additional questions at the bottom of the form. 

Link to Candidate Form

After you select the submit button, our hiring team will review your application. Qualified applicants can expect to receive an email from the Cognizant Campus Recruitment Team with next steps in the process.

Thank you,

Cognizant Campus Recruitment – Americas

mailer_bg_footer_external.jpg
This e-mail and any files transmitted with it are for the sole use of the intended recipient(s) and may contain confidential and privileged information. If you are not the intended recipient(s), please reply to the sender and destroy all copies of the original message. Any unauthorized review, use, disclosure, dissemination, forwarding, printing or copying of this email, and/or any action taken in reliance on the contents of this e-mail is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. Where permitted by applicable law, this e-mail and other e-mail communications sent to and from Cognizant e-mail addresses may be monitored. This e-mail and any files transmitted with it are for the sole use of the intended recipient(s) and may contain confidential and privileged information. If you are not the intended recipient(s), please reply to the sender and destroy all copies of the original message. Any unauthorized review, use, disclosure, dissemination, forwarding, printing or copying of this email, and/or any action taken in reliance on the contents of this e-mail is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. Where permitted by applicable law, this e-mail and other e-mail communications sent to and from Cognizant e-mail addresses may be monitored. 

3.
jovalu2015@gmail.com

randomreclutier@enterprise.com

Postulation to Software developer

Good morning.

My name is Joaquin, I'm sending my CV to apply to software developer vacant, I hope have a nice day and having news to continue with process

4.
gesonRC2021@gmail.com

jovalu2015@gmail.com

i need money

Good morning.

Mother, I'm your son geson, I hope you are okay and everythings is going well in home, how is my brother jacob?, did he finished the college?, I hope yes, so I need some dollars to cover a hospital bills, if you can help me i wil be grateful, my best whishes for everybody in home.


5.
gesonRC2021@gmail.com

jovalu2015@gmail.com

i need money

Good morning.

Mother, I'm your son geson, I hope you are okay and everythings is going well in home, how is my brother jacob?, did he finished the college?, I hope yes, so I need some dollars to cover a hospital bills, if you can help me i wil be grateful, my best whishes for everybody in home.
